now you may be thinking what you seen is
just another one I'm Rock'em Sock'em
Rollem Rackham crashing and burn movies
well you're right
but you're also wrong because there's a
lot more in this movie than meets the
eye Century Fox presents thunder
you something Arnie Thomas you are about
the lowest thing that grows next to you
it okay
home of Gators and snakes possum spoons
and last but not least moonshine david
carradine
he plays harlot tongues udo bore with
the rain ian is here and a smile on his
face he can knock off the confucian
swamp skin
the supercharged 57 Sammy
Kate Jackson is Nancy sue she's stuck
off Harley like carrying on and all she
shoots like a man
it's like the manger sorry Charlie
before you start thinking the tournament
lining is just a love story let me make
one thing perfectly clear it ain't it's
chock full of suspense
spine-chilling mystery taken spectacle
redeeming social value
tell me why you love learning mine
but why don't you come on out see for
yourself
it's 250 proof fun